Allow PR merge with one approval only (#171)
SAP/stewardci-core: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Before the changes are marked as `ready-for-merge`: 

> - [ ] There are at least 1 approvals for the pull request and no outstanding requests for change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] There is at least one approval for the pull request and no outstanding requests for change
```
